---
title: "ERC7863 Contributions"
description: "CrossCats is contributing to making ERC7863 more compatible with resourec locks."
sidebar:
  order: 1000
---

Catalyst strives to support through contributing to improving the standard to better support resource locks and make ERC-7683 more future proof.

## General Incompatibilities

* ERC-7683 puts a lot of focus on the open interface. This makes sense, since the initial version of ERC-7683 was conceived before resource locks. However, with resource locks, it presents a challenge as orders don’t always start with on-chain calls anymore. 
* The ERC-7683 fill function is expensive since it works with memory, and not calldata, because of the transparent bytes provided.

### Our Recommendations

* Add address user, uint256 nonce to OnchainCrossChainOrder.
  * Goal: To clear up confusion regarding who the depositor is. (Tokens should still be collected from msg.sender)
* Convert the open event into event Open(bytes32 indexed orderId, bytes resolveContext) and add resolve functions taking the original order and resolveContext to accurately produce the ResolvedCrossChainOrder from an off-chain view call.
  * Goal: To reduce the cost of emitting the Open event.
* Make function open(...), openFor(...) optional.
@nambrot nambrot last week
As per above, totally possible to make the open semantics more generic
 @reednaa	Reply...
  * Goal: Make it explicit that open should only be used for depositing.
* Make function validate(...) view returns (uint32 fillDeadline) function to easily validate whether an order is valid.
  * Goal: Provide an explicit way for pure off-chain orders to be validated

Additionally, the specification should  contain a description of how to integrate the lock flow: Outputs first, inputs second.

You can read more about our recommendations for change here: 
https://github.com/ethereum/L2-interop/pull/15/files#diff-636d6bbfc9b1e613195503fdc721676aebdd4dd14eeb8d1ac5fb79cceaf2bc2eR28-R46